# MSBA-Capstone

This repository contains (and I shall continue to add) a number of files for posterity and permanent review. The following page https://abu-al-hol.github.io/MSBA-Capstone/ contains the above R file in HTML output with code rendered for review. This page presents in great detail much of the work my team and I did to assault a very large MSBA capstone project. 

The MSBA (Master of Science in Business Analytics) program at the University of Utah is a very unique and amazing program that can be completed in four semesters, and ends with a capstone project. This project, during this academic year (Spring 2024) was sponsored by Swire Coca-Cola, a major bottling distributor for Coca-Cola products throughout the western US. Swire, the sponsor, provided us with 24 Million rows of soft drink sales data, spanning 3 years, that contained billions of dollar and unit sales of Coca-Cola products as well as competitor products. The data, not for public consumption, had identifiable brands aliased for obvious purposes, but contained detailed information on sales transactions in more than 200 market areas in 13 western states. The objective of this brand was to answer a series of questions Swire Coca-Cola presented to graduating MSBA students. As a team lead on this project I personally spent hundreds of hours pouring through and working with the data to keep my team focused on delivering results (and answering questions) that you can see in the rendered notebook. The most difficult element of this effort was to predict sales of new never-before-seen products based on the historicity of existing products, flavors, packaging, and regional sales preferences. Ultimately we presented our results in a seminar to Swire executives and their data science team, though this notebook represents a majority of our results spent working through this massive dataset to answer our business problem and - hopefully - bring insight and business value to our sponsor. 